Add garage door opener doc for switchbot integration (#40894)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/switchbot.markdown

### Cover

> Cover entities are added for Curtain, Curtain 3, Blind Tilt, Roller Shade and Garage Door Opener.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cover entities are added for Curtain, Curtain 3, Blind Tilt, Roller Shade, and Garage Door Opener.
```

- get position
- get battery level

#### Garage Door Opener

> The garage door support controlling both cover and button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The garage door supports controlling both cover and button entities.
```
